Kobe Bryant we first started
communicating and there I taped the
episode with Kobe a couple years back
and you wrote in your book about him
that he was just special he was
different from everyone else he was
during day one he kept ya know he had a
about him that I've never seen in
an 18 year old the aura was kind of
either his kids really cocky or he he
believes in it and he saw his
consistency of how he did it so I knew
one day that he's going to be whatever
he sets out to be and you know just the
only thing that was that I had to had to
figure out a way to how to get him to
perform at a higher level and I realized
that we were the same people don't like
criticism turn into motivation so you
know being a leader you have to you know
to find out certain ways to get your
employees to perform at a higher level
everybody responds to this oh come on
like some guys you gotta and he was a
guy that I know if I talk smack he gonna
come on a Transco 50 take it work
perfectly and you know if you look at if
you look at all the groups that had
alpha males in them they all have
problems
Beatles Kobe and Shea it happens you
know and I think it's a big myth you
know people think you have to be
lovey-dovey didn't win championships and
I just felt sometimes you know his way
and you know he's a fabulous players
just felt you know sometimes that he
didn't do it the right way and I know he
felt sometimes and I didn't work hard or
whatever whatever but again it all work
three out of four we are we will be the
most talked about the most enigmatic the
most controversial duo
the best one-two punch in the history of
the game and what we did and what I
created with the back and forth it
always we talked about I haven't seen a
spoken Adam and 11-year so now you asked
me
Koby breath so my plan worked well I
don't think people questioned whether or
not it worked obviously winning three
consecutive championships it worked very
well I think there are people that just
wish it could have you guys could have
stayed together for longer because they
wonder how much better could have even
been than having you know I thought
about that all the time but so you did
it the other thing well all the time but
I learnt living it on land of that
business overtakes everything doesn't
matter you feel as well they feel so I
learned in Orlando that uh you know when
players under me were while getting off
for big money and I wanted an office and
trying to get the big money and I was
like nah that's okay that's not that's
not paid Shaq thirty million why he's
going into his late 30s bring it out but
my point of view was not I'm just
you just went three out of four I'm just
getting started at least got one or two
more championships into me my money's
not gonna go down so you can't bring me
from thirty to twenty now with five kids
right no way I'm not going down you win
a championship so they said we would
entertain Shaq being traded and I took
offense to that sauce set well I want to
go to Miami that's how that all started
in my interview with Kobe he told me
that had you not left when you did he
probably would have left via free agency
because he wanted to prove that he could
win without the big man what do you
think the likelihood was that he had any
involvement and you know you leaving
with me leaving out this I don't want to
say a lot but he probably told them or
his agent probably said Shaq's doing
here we're going to go and then but
again you have to think about the future
can't think about a guy that's getting
older he got thinking about a younger
guy that's getting older and I
understand business I have no problem
with that but being a businessman
approached me business-wise if you
insult me now I'm going to take offense
to that it seemed from reading your book
possibly the tensest part of your
relationship with Kobe came just prior
to the start of the
2003-2004 season he's in the middle of
the you know rape trial and the Lakers
coaches call both of you in and tell
both of you stopped sparring in the
media and then Kobe goes and does an
interview and basically all see you're
fat and old and out of shape that you're
building your injury take it more time
off and that's what I'm quoted as saying
I'm a killer right because we have the
truth I'm a killer but you know the key
thing that was there was the respect
thing was they seemed to hate each other
if he gets double-teamed he's going to
still drop it off for the lob a la game
seven verse Portland if we hate each
other so much I come after he crossed
Scotty I come here and take the shot and
that was one of the kind of little
moments that's one of the most
historical players together if he hated
me so much why after we after that the
bell after the the clock hit zero who's
the first guy to jump tomorrow so the
respect thing was there no again people
is I'm telling you now it's a myth if
you think that if you're working in a
closed environment everybody gets along
I guarantee that's not the case I know
for a fact is not the case so especially
when you got two alpha males that don't
want to be in charge but the respect has
to be there why do you think you guys
haven't talked since you played together
because we all need to talk there's
nothing to talk about is you respect
each other man you don't listen no it's
not that like I never said all in like
oh you've never heard me shouting like
oh but this guy has a beautiful wife and
two beautiful kids he's coming towards
the end of his career I'm probably not
in his top 50 things to do and guess
what I got I got six children two in
college and I got a lot of business
stuff to do you know if we had put it
this way if I see him and his lovely
wife and his kids in the restaurant what
do you think I'm gonna you think imma go
hey hello Vanessa what up Cole hi babies
I'm your uncle Shaq
that's a or do you think I'm gonna be
pour water on them in front of family
what do you think I'm gonna do you know
NBA sends for nothing but actors don't
don't you ever forget it don't you ever
forget it and you know we've talked
we've talked 40 times after
last time I say that we hugged each
other the other we have it why'd you say
year didn't talk to 11 years because I
wanted you to think that we didn't talk
but now I'm giving up the secrets no
that's how I was out there so okay kind
of game I saw and we hug what's up boom
boom we on a conversation it was good
hey man I'm not gonna you know this guy
guy stuff to do I have stuff to do as
long as the story is told forever I'm
happy with that for more clips from this
interview visit Graham bensinger calm
you